Add outputs for resources (#2)
babbel/terraform-aws-athena: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v1.1.0

> - [Export resource arns](https://github.com/babbel/terraform-aws-athena/pull/2)

Reviewer: It's not the ARNs, but the whole resources:

```suggestion
- [Export resources created by this module](https://github.com/babbel/terraform-aws-athena/pull/2)
```

> - [Remove policy document `iam-policy-document-athena-workspace-use`](https://github.com/babbel/terraform-aws-athena/pull/2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Remove policy document `iam-policy-document-athena-workspace-use` output](https://github.com/babbel/terraform-aws-athena/pull/2)
```

# Changelog

## v1.0.1

> - [Output resource arns](https://github.com/babbel/terraform-aws-athena/pull/2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Export created resources, instead of the IAM policy document](https://github.com/babbel/terraform-aws-athena/pull/2)
```
